Replace "fixes" by "closes" (#10581)
JabRef/jabref: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- 
Describe the changes you have made here: what, why, ... 

> Link the issue that will be closed, e.g., "Closes https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/333".

Reviewer: I do prefer this version, but I don't know that it matters. 

```suggestion
Link the issue that will be closed, e.g., "Closes #333".
```

Reviewer 2: It's actually the same, but the first one works better across repos with e.g. koppor#333

Reviewer: o.O
I had not seen/paid attention to that version.

<!-- 
Describe the changes you have made here: what, why, ... 

> Link issues that are closed, e.g. "Closes #333".
> If you resolved a koppor issue, link it, e.g. "Closes https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/47".
> You need to stick with "Closes" as verb, because GitHub recognizes this word (and not other words).
> The title of the PR must not reference an issue, because GitHub does not support autolinking there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link the issues that will be closed, e.g., "Closes [#333](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/333)".	 
If your PR closes a koppor issue, link it using its URL, e.g., "Closes https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/47".
"Closes" is a keyword GitHub uses to link PRs with issues; do not change it.
Don't reference an issue in the PR title because GitHub does not support auto-linking there.
```

Reviewer: Take or throw the suggestions, I just got curious about what was in the PR. I am sure something like this could have tripped me up when I got started, i.e., fixes vs resolves vs closes.

Pretty sure I had to ask about it at some point 🤔
